# Path-finding-visualizer
A star Algorithm

Pathfinding algorithm addresses the problem of finding the shortest path from source to destination and avoiding obstacles. One of the greatest challenges in the design of realistic Artificial Intelligence (AI) in computer application is agent movement. Pathfinding strategies are usually employed as the core of any AI movement system. In this work, A* search algorithm is used to find the shortest path between the source and destination on image that represents a map or a maze. Finding a path through a maze is a basic computer science problem that can take many forms. The A* algorithm is widely used in pathfinding and graph traversal. A famous person algorithm is an informative algorithm in comparison to others that means it's going to handiest use the course which has the possibility of the usage of the shortest and the maximum green course. After finding the course we use Manhattan technique to attract the direction. The algorithm uses the formula f(n)=g(n)+h(n) g(n) = indicates the shortest course’s value from the beginning node to node n h(n)=The heuristic approximation of cost of the node. To show how the set of rules runs we will put in force it in python. This will supply us a 2D representation of our version and how the algorithm works.
Pathfinding algorithm addresses the problem of finding the shortest path from source to destination and avoiding obstacles. One of the greatest challenges in the design of realistic Artificial Intelligence (AI) in computer application is agent movement. Pathfinding strategies are usually employed as the core of any AI movement system. In this work, A* search algorithm is used to find the shortest path between the source and destination on image that represents a map or a maze. Finding a path through a maze is a basic computer science problem that can take many forms. The A* algorithm is widely used in pathfinding and graph traversal. A famous person algorithm is an informative algorithm in comparison to others that means it's going to handiest use the course which has the possibility of the usage of the shortest and the maximum green course. After finding the course we use Manhattan technique to attract the direction. The algorithm uses the formula f(n)=g(n)+h(n). g(n) = indicates the shortest course’s value from the beginning node to node n h(n)=The heuristic approximation of cost of the node. To show how the set of rules runs we will put in force it in python. This will supply us a 2D representation of our version and how the algorithm works.
